# Basketball Stats
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/rZIXq9jBDeY
## Description:
#### This is a flask based web application which is a development from the week 9 finance problem. It uses a lot of SQL with the aim of helping basketball players compare stats with friends,other users and NBA players from the 2021/2022 season. I have also incorporated a bit of social media aspects such as a personal profile page for each user.
#### Firstly head over to settings to input position, age,team and also upload a picture if you want. The pictures are stored in a static file instead of a database as my project is not going to be as big as facebook where they need large database to store the millions of image files. Then head over to add games to input your stats you can do this as many times as you like. The more stats you have the more accurate they are. If you make a mistake or want to change your stats you can do that in settings or even update age,position team and profile picture. There are lots of exception handles make sure players arent cheating however I have not cappred the amount of stats someone can have but made sure free throw attempts is not less then free throws made for example. After each input the stats are automatically updated for you so you can easily compare with others. You can then go compare stats and click where you want to compare with nba player or a user. This will give you a complete breakdown of their stats per game to help to see where you can improve. Dont forget to also check leaderboards. You can check the leaderboard for every single stat and youll be able to see the top 100 players for that stat.
## My Thoughts
#### There were a lot of barriers I came to and over time the problems I came across became harder and harder but because I was understaidning a lot more the problems became easier to solve.For example adding pictures was a huge problem because I didnt know how to save the pictures anywhere.My initial thought was to try and save them in the SQL database but after searching I found out this is not what generally happens online.Furthermore, I also became stuck when try to incroprate the update game part because I didnt fully understand the forms and how to get certain information. When clicking a game, each game will have its own unique ID because of this it makes it easier to update. The next problem was figuring out how to get the ID and stats from the game that was assigned to the button and in the serach bar onto the page. I started off trying to uses sessions however I came across request.args. I learnt a lot over the course of making this website, but what really helped me the most was the fact i started to understand certain terms which i can use to help me solve problems, and how to word in problems in different ways to aid your search. Looking back at my code now a lot of it is not efficient. I am pretty sure I did not need to create the userpergamestats and usertotalstats tables and just used sql syntaxt such as AVG  and SUM which would make the application quicker. Also a lot of my SQL syntax is not efficnet as i did not incroprated INNER join as much as I should have. Over Time you can see how much better I got at HTML and CSS. At first it was daunting but it really does make a lot of sense once you start to understand. Divs really are a huge help and once you understand that it makes the whole designing process alot easier."# My-CS50-Project" 
"# CS50-Project" 
